hello everyone and welcome to well one
of my best ever laps and I'm looking
forward to convert a this one because
this is this is some laughs and I really
hope you agree I hope I'm not just
saying that and actually you think it's
terrible but Monica then this is also my
final ever f1 2013 video and we thought
we'd finish it in style in Monaco and
the glamor of Monaco and the glamour of
a Full Tilt qualifying lap so leave the
pit said just a minute 20 to go so we've
got about 10 seconds to kill on this
opening lap which I take it relatively
easy not killer ties but we've got a one
minute 9.8 which is a good lap I was I
was happy to get into the nines in in
this session I mean in practice I was
doing probably about that woman I may be
a point seven so I'm really happy the
point nine obviously just doesn't Brazil
a couple of videos ago as well go out
again and give it another crack and I
already p1 but my teammate is pushing me
quite hard up he's got a very low 10.0
point one perhaps I think if I'm point
one so it's it's close and he could
certainly improve because he's been
within a couple of ten to meet me but
then is my third or fourth lap and he's
been very close every single time so I
need to improve I can just to make sure
a pulp obviously poll is absolutely
vital
you know Monaco and this is obviously
the half season continuing this is my
third and final video at the half season
I didn't know up and I just have to show
this that and just watch just watch the
walls I don't actually touch a wall
believe it or not in this entire lap and
you see what I mean
when we get to the end of the lap and I
come incredibly close on one one so just
take a nice these now they're on ice
caps attic area but actually pace
anyways so now that ran Kerry not slice
nice not a speed while they're free the
particle and let the rest one opinion
all my cards as well for the gears we
should be in the river two more less
than the first one yet breaking quite
late down to second gate it would turn
into short ship of the third and very
very close to the warm the Exeter and
actually that wasn't quite perfect
because I had to steer a little bit
longer than I should ever wanted to
straighten up earlier and get the power
bit earlier so you all in just skim the
comments I once again skin the bearing
and all swinged in just try and see the
brown the right side but doing when ever
so slightly wide bet so well that's why
I'm a tenth down there so not an ideal
start but the first set but my previous
that was very very good anyway
carrying awesome speed through the
hairpin really really good speed for
there actually
once again good speed and this is
important to Kyrgyz people here as well
because of the tunnel long tunnel there
we go that was decent speed as well some
really really good speed but all those
asked for that the rest of my curves up
for the gears movie in the permit
searches for we hit breaks for chicane
then making very very hard about seventy
eighty meters dish and carry some
awesome speed please check a really
really good to be true that almost such
a bad most of all it's been quite cut
either just a little left with that last
call of that very very quick and get it
which it down turn it in a couple of
stabs and turn in absolutely skimming
the the barriers all around I'm actually
a tenth up so I found two tens a new
sector and pretty good phone sector so
far as well the times comment ate it all
skimming the barriers once again for 12
runs a line then a fairly high time
spoke with a lap deras is right over the
road to violence through a one-minute
nine point five seven three now I could
not believe it when I crossed the line I
had a point five and that's that's
definitely my PB ever at Monaco no doubt
about it
theoretically while you still lost a
tenth theoretically I could get point
four but uh you know you could barely
see the mistakes in the first sector
like so the first corner wasn't perfect
and and a slightly miss may depict on
top of hill but they were so so minor
did cost me a tenth but there was so -
so that lap I tell you what and I have
barely don't adjust in the commentary
because it goes by so fast but go and
watch it again I've actually probably
watched that lapse oddly enough about
ten or fifteen times
cuz it's just I love it just watching
how close I get to the virus and of
course you don't feel that when you're
going around you just pushing hard
particularly then that was a final buns
i lap you just pushing hard you don't
feel how close the bear is I really but
when you have much knit back realizing
just how close I got to borrow more than
one occasion so anyway that was my last
ever f1 2013 video I thought a fish on
an epic lap and I thank you all for
watching